# GUITkinter
The purpose of this program is to load and execute the other two projects there were assigned for the project 2.

Tk Library
Python is known for its libraries. It has around 250 libraries. Every library has its own functions and will allow the user to do many important tasks. To this assignment I have chosen to use the tk library. Tk is a library that makes it easy to create user interfaces.
Tk/Tcl has long been an integral part of Python. It provides a robust and platform independent windowing toolkit, that is available to Python programmers using the tkinter package, and its extension, the tkinter.tix and the tkinter.ttk modules. The tkinter package is a thin object-oriented layer on top of Tcl/Tk. Tkinter is the package that was used for this project 2. It was used to create a window in which the user will be able to access and open the other two projects. With it was possible to open a window and add to click buttons. One of them was to add the file path, so when clicking in the next button it would launch the desired program. Examples would be simple GUIs or complex ones depending on the knowledge of the tkinter.
First of all, it is important to import the tk, using the command import tkinter, or more often from tkinter import *. This will call the library dependencies to the code. We would use two lines of code to create a simple window. The top = Tkinter.Tk() and top.main(). There are currently 15 types of widgets in Tkinter. The Button widget is used to display buttons in your application. The Canvas widget is used to draw shapes, such as lines, ovals, polygons and rectangles, in your application. The Checkbutton widget is used to display a number of options as checkboxes. The user can select multiple options at a time. The Entry widget is used to display a single-line text field for accepting values from a user. The Frame widget is used as a container widget to organize other widgets. The Label widget is used to provide a single-line caption for other widgets. It can also contain images. The Listbox widget is used to provide a list of options to a user. The Menubutton widget is used to display menus in your application. The Menu widget is used to provide various commands to a user. These commands are contained inside Menubutton. The Message widget is used to display multiline text fields for accepting values from a user. The Radiobutton widget is used to display a number of options as radio buttons. The user can select only one option at a time. The Scale widget is used to provide a slider widget. The Scrollbar widget is used to add scrolling capability to various widgets, such as list boxes. The Text widget is used to display text in multiple lines. The Toplevel widget is used to provide a separate window container. The Spinbox widget is a variant of the standard Tkinter Entry widget, which can be used to select from a fixed number of values. A PanedWindow is a container widget that may contain any number of panes, arranged horizontally or vertically. A labelframe is a simple container widget. Its primary purpose is to act as a spacer or container for complex window layouts. This module is used to display message boxes in your applications.
In conclusion, tkinter provides various controls, such as buttons, labels and text boxes used in a GUI application. It is a fairly simple library to use. For more information about tkinter the documentation website is (https://docs.python.org/3/library/tk.html).
